✅ WordPress Security Audit Report
Date: May 12, 2025
Target: https://burmanswellness.com
Server IP: 50.87.193.205
Server Stack: nginx/1.25.5
WordPress Version: 6.8.1 (Up to date)

🔐 1. Exposed Sensitive Endpoints
Findings:
xmlrpc.php is enabled

readme.html file is accessible

robots.txt discloses sensitive directories

wp-cron.php is accessible

Risks:
XML-RPC can be abused for brute force attacks or DDoS.

readme.html exposes WP version.

robots.txt may inform attackers of hidden directories.

wp-cron.php can be exploited to perform DoS attacks.

Mitigation:
Block xmlrpc.php if not needed (e.g., via .htaccess or nginx):

nginx
Copy
Edit
location = /xmlrpc.php {
    deny all;
}
Delete or restrict access to readme.html

Minimize sensitive entries in robots.txt

Use real cron jobs instead of wp-cron.php:
Add this to wp-config.php:

php
Copy
Edit
define('DISABLE_WP_CRON', true);
Then schedule it with a proper server cron job.

🎯 2. Outdated Theme
Theme: elessi-theme
Current Version: 6.1.8.1

Latest Available: 6.3.8

Risk:
Running an outdated theme can expose the site to vulnerabilities and incompatibilities with the latest WordPress version.

Mitigation:
Immediately update the theme to version 6.3.8 or latest via your theme provider.

Ensure the update is tested in a staging environment before deployment.

⚠️ 3. Vulnerable Plugins
a. Plugin: advanced-dynamic-pricing-for-woocommerce
Installed Version: Unknown

Latest Version: 4.9.5

Vulnerabilities Identified: 5

Includes:

CSRF attacks (multiple)

Reflected XSS

Settings manipulation

Mitigation:
Update to version 4.9.5 or later.

If not needed, disable and remove the plugin.

Monitor WooCommerce logs for suspicious pricing or access changes.

b. Plugin: cleantalk-spam-protect
Installed Version: Unknown

Latest Version: 6.55

Vulnerabilities Identified: 10

Includes:

XSS (Authenticated & Unauthenticated)

Blind SQL Injection

Authenticated SQL Injections

Mitigation:
Update to the latest version (6.55) immediately.

If plugin isn't mission-critical, consider replacing with safer anti-spam plugins like Akismet or Antispam Bee.

🧩 4. Must Use Plugins (MU-Plugins) Detected
Accessible at: /wp-content/mu-plugins/

Risk:
These plugins automatically execute and may be invisible from the admin panel.

If not monitored, can pose a high-risk attack surface.

Mitigation:
Review all MU-plugins.

Ensure none are outdated, unauthorized, or unfamiliar.

Restrict public directory listing:

nginx
Copy
Edit
location ~* ^/wp-content/mu-plugins/ {
    deny all;
}
🛡 5. Security Headers Missing or Weak
Found Headers:

x-proxy-cache, x-nginx-cache, x-server-cache, etc.

Missing:
X-Frame-Options

Content-Security-Policy

X-XSS-Protection

Strict-Transport-Security

Mitigation:
Add the following headers in nginx.conf or .htaccess:

nginx
Copy
Edit
add_header X-Frame-Options "SAMEORIGIN";
add_header X-XSS-Protection "1; mode=block";
add_header Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains" always;
add_header Content-Security-Policy "default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' https://trusted.cdn.com;" always;
✅ Summary of Recommendations
Issue	Risk	Status	Recommendation
XML-RPC Enabled	High	⚠️	Disable if not needed
Readme File	Medium	⚠️	Delete or restrict access
WP-Cron Public	Medium	⚠️	Replace with server cron
Outdated Theme	High	❌	Update to latest
2 Vulnerable Plugins	Critical	❌	Update both immediately
Robots.txt Leakage	Medium	⚠️	Remove sensitive paths
Missing Security Headers	Medium	⚠️	Add recommended headers
MU Plugins Exposed	Medium	⚠️	Secure directory, audit plugins

